welcome to another outdoor unboxing
today we've got the Logitech G 100's
which is part of the new Logitech G
series now it's a bit perplexing to me
that they've gone and branded this the G
Series because logitech's had a G series
for a long time but what they've done is
they've reinvented most of the G Series
with a couple of different things so
number one is check this out advanced
surface materials feel the difference a
durable hydrophobic palm surface and
fingerprint resistant button coatings so
they've what they've attempted to do is
engineer a surface that is not going to
get all oily and greasy and ugly and
gross so I'm really looking forward to
opening it up and checking it out this
particular one the G 100's is the lowest
end out of the new G series so it's
rated at 250 to 2500 dpi which quite
frankly unless you are a super high
sensitivity gamer or you're running with
a triple monitor surround setup is
probably going to be enough for you
anyway up to five hundred reports per
second this is a strange differentiation
for me because most mice these days are
able to do a thousand Hertz but honestly
you're probably not going to notice the
difference between one millisecond and
two milliseconds in terms of the overall
input lag of your system but this is
cool check this out so durability wise
even though this is an entry-level mouse
it's rated at 20 million clicks there
are many gaming grade mice from
competitors that are rated at less than
20 million clicks or even ones that are
significantly more expensive that are
only rated at 20 million clicks oh it
looks so I mean Logitech has always sort
of gone for make sure it's durable first
then figure out the fancy dancy features
later and it looks like that trend
continues with the G 100's so we're just
going to open it up inside this is a bit
of a different packaging strategy than
I've seen from Logitech in the past so
it's got like a blue sort of look to it
which I guess goes along with the blue
for the product branding as well as
they're sort of achieved through science
messaging that they've got for these
mice so they're talking about their
exclusive delta0 sensor for consistent
high accuracy targeting comfortable
ambidextrous shape and advanced surface
coatings for improved handling that's
pretty much all we've got there which
leads us to the mouse itself so
so in terms of the overall shape
honestly it doesn't look that different
from you know like the mouse mouse the
mo u.s. Mouse that you can get at sort
of any kind of store so you've got your
Teflon feet on the bottom
polytetrafluoroethylene or whatever the
actual name is it because Teflon is a
brand name you've also got their
invisible optic branding right here
above the sensor so this is an optical
mouse not a laser mouse which stands to
reason because that's why we've got the
lower sensitivity than you would see on
a typical gaming grade laser mouse so
the the difference with something like
this between like I said what looks like
an MoU s Mouse like you would get for
$4.99 in the bin is not necessarily
what's gone into the looks of it but the
quality of the switches so the fact that
they are rated for 20 million clicks
which is going to be important for
gamers where you're going like lick lick
lick lick lick fire fire fire fire fire
most people don't use a computer like
that so if you want something that's
going to last longer there you go and
then the other thing is of course the
grade of the laser inside you don't find
any of the sort of extra frills and
bells and whistles like a braided cable
or you know a gold-plated connector but
quite frankly the part of the connector
that actually matters is gold-plated
because when the gold plate this outer
part here it doesn't even do anything
because that's not a contact point for
the mouse the contact points are inside
the connector here and even on the G
100's and they are gold-plated now in
terms of size it's a pretty comfortable
size for me to almost pulp so I would
normally use a mouse like this in more
of a claw grip so I have slightly
smaller male hands and I would hold it
about like this where I can put my palm
on the back but I wouldn't quite cut it
like I would do with something more like
a G 400s which we'll be taking a look at
as well other than the standard buttons
you left the right click your middle
click and your scroll wheel there's just
a dpi switcher here in the middle and
that's pretty much it thanks for
checking out my unboxing and first look
at the G 100 s from Logitech don't
forget to subscribe - tech tips from
unboxings reviews and other computer
videos